#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - dal segno"
(Finally LOOΠΔ/yyxy's first LOOΠΔ TV episode is here!)
(They arrived at the international airport with excitement!)
Yves: Wow~
Olivia Hye: I can't believe that I'm here!
Chuu: I'm so excited!
Yves: Me and Olivia Hye had never gone abroad!
Yves: How long will it take?
Chuu: (Shocked) 12 or 13 hours?
Yves: So we were up all night yesterday!
Yves: We will sleep throughout the flight!
(Feels proud of herself)
(There's essential place you should stop by in the airport!)
Yves: See you!
Chuu: Duty free shop!
Go Won: Will we go to a duty free shop?
Go Won: Do I look okay?
Olivia Hye: Yes!
(It's not okay...)
Yves: I'm gonna show you how we do the shopping
Go Won : [Teint Miracle]
Chuu: Yves, buy [Teint Miracle]!
Go Won: (It's not ppl) It will help you to have more beautiful skin!
(Yves doesn't know well about cosmetics)
Chuu: It's the best!
Yves: Oh, really?
(Yves doesn't know well about cosmetics)
Yves: like this!
Yves: Feeling like a Youtuber
Olivia Hye: (Not interested) I'm hungry
Yves: I'm gonna do mimicking Olivia Hye!
Yves: When she is talking with our manager on the phone.
Yves: (Olivia Hye) Hello~
Yves: (Manager) Oh, who are you?
Yves : (Olivia Hye) It's Olivia Hye~
Yves: (Manager) Is Yves there beside you?
Yves: (Olivia Hye) Yes.
Yves: (manager) Okay, please put her on the phone.
Yves: (Oilvia Hye) Yes.
Olivia Hye: LOOΠΔ TV PD! There he is!
(They arrived the gate after looking around in the duty free shop!)